hey guys I'm back for a shaved head
regrowth update I'm so glad that it's
finally at this length because now it's
obvious as you can see I'm a blonde
I haven't dyed my hair and I'm trying my
best to keep - not dyeing it so I can
donate a lot of love but at this length
it's obvious now I'm a blonde especially
in the right light otherwise just looks
like brunette but I'm glad milestone but
um it's been about 3 months and 2 days
since I've shaved it first about at
least 3 months as I shaved it back in
November but um I'm pretty happy about
it um at the how fast it's growing it's
quite about 3 inches to about 2 3 inches
so that's pretty good for 3 months I
guess
I don't want you to fight every day
because you know washing your hair every
day is bad for your hair but yeah I've
actually been using this um so silver
shampoo recently and I don't think it's
supposed to harm your hair not if it's
like you haven't dyed it but if you dye
your hair blonde or you bleach it blonde
and you use this off silver it helps to
gradually lighten your hair even more so
I've been using that mixed with regular
shampoo I don't have a color protect
because I had a lot when I colored my
hair and I just never finished it all so
I've been mixing those kind of shampoos
and I think it's helping the blonde to
come out which is awesome but I haven't
died that or bleached it or anything as
much as I wanted to I wanted to bleach
it out so bad like I want to bleach it
out and tie a blue because blue at this
link would look pretty awesome or just
oh you know red ethically like a really
dark red it's a really really nice thing
but I'm not buying it which is bad
because I really want but for loss of
love which is not understand the reason
that I shaved mine in the first place
that I haven't I'm not dying my hair do
you have a hat in the background which
is why my hair is laying so flat so
nicely because normally it pushed up a
lot in the back but I've been wearing a
hat like the past day or two now like
all day so I'm wearing it must be on an
angle because I don't like it's not
comfortable for me to wear a hat like
this it's just not a square I like at a
slight angle so I'm wearing a hat and so
catch my hair he know nice and smushed
down so high hair sure why but it helps
cuz I like it a lot but I like it a lot
better like that but um I'm I was show
going to show how about how happy with
my hair being I would like to get back
down to my waist or about you know right
around here
because it hasn't been that long and
over six years about to see I guess
since its grade is when I had my hair
that long so I'm just going to show you
how long I would be tolerable of it
being before I cut it but I really don't
want to let it get this long and then
cut it because it'll go right back to
being a really really short and although
I do look nice
we're short here I can pull it off I
missed my long hair I really really do
um so I regret shaving my head no but I
do miss long hair I'm very much looking
forward to it being you know either way
or something so I can maybe cut it into
my style I'm still debating I'm just
letting it grow up completely naturally
and not cutting it at any
and just letting it grow and grow and
grow and grow to its natural you know
all natural you know like when a baby
before they get their haircut for the
first time it's just how the hair
naturally grows on I'm thinking about
doing that um yeah but how long my hair
like the longest my hair has been in the
past couple in a long long time since I
you know since I had it down to about my
waist was my senior year and it was
about that long I don't know if you can
see how long that is or not but it was
long or this one it was all rather than
this in this picture but that's the long
term I has really been in like six years
because I've kept cutting it look i-i've
married on length like I had that about
this long
at one point my junior year and then it
was a little bit longer on the other
side so it kind of grew in angular say
that I think it was about this long on
the sides and then over here on the side
I was like done here but it was pretty
it was like purple and orange it looked
really good I liked it but yeah so
that's that's what
it's about like I said about two-three
inches I've been measuring it from
growing grabbing like right about here
lifting it up and then put my hand up
and guessing about this high off that's
about two three inches to me but yeah
that's all this video is for yeah I
finally showed blonde I'm so happy I
shovel on my hair straight out about
three inches in three months that's
about an inch a month hopefully it'll
keep up with that like at that speed of
growing so I don't summertime it'll be
about to my chin hopefully I would like
it to be about you know at least the
bottom my ears by March I'd be happy
with to be in that long round March
which it should be because it's February
oh no April about April it should be
about my lobes which I'd be happy with
and speaking up I have taken my gauges
out and I haven't really kept up with
keeping a mouth on me
I guess for me gay that it is really
were just a phase because I had many
years almost at 7:16 they were a double
dears I don't think they'll ever well
they could completely close up i
duplicated it in once a while just to
keep it from totally closing but they're
small now probably at a four but yeah
that's that's just my overall update
yeah any questions or anything just let
me know and I will respond so here three
months we go I look like a boy
but a pity boy okay that's good guys bye